Telcodocs 2124:  Ensure NUMA Resources Operator Works on HyperShift Hosted Clusters (#91162)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-configuring-kubelet-nro.adoc

      memory: "512Mi"
    topologyManagerPolicy: "single-numa-node" <5>
----

> <1> Ensure this label matches the `machineConfigPoolSelector` in the `NUMAResourcesOperator` CR configured later in "Creating the NUMAResourcesOperator custom resource".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Ensure that this label matches the `machineConfigPoolSelector` setting in the `NUMAResourcesOperator` CR that you configure later in "Creating the NUMAResourcesOperator custom resource".
```

<2> For `cpuManagerPolicy`, `static` must use a lowercase `s`.
<3> Adjust this based on the CPU on your nodes.
<4> For `memoryManagerPolicy`, `Static` must use an uppercase `S`.
<5> `topologyManagerPolicy` must be set to `single-numa-node`.
+
[NOTE]
====

> For hosted control plane clusters, the `machineConfigPoolSelector` does not have any functional effect. Node association is instead determined by the specified `nodePool`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For hosted control plane clusters, the `machineConfigPoolSelector` setting does not have any functional effect. Node association is instead determined by the specified `NodePool` object.
```
In the hosted control planes documentation, the capitalization is usually `NodePool`.

      memory: "512Mi"
    topologyManagerPolicy: "single-numa-node" <5>
----

> <1> Ensure this label matches the `machineConfigPoolSelector` in the `NUMAResourcesOperator` CR configured later in "Creating the NUMAResourcesOperator custom resource".

Reviewer 2: On HyperShift, the selector has no actual meaning, the association to the nodes is done via the desired `nodePool`
